This phase is when the adversary performs the true goal of their intrusion. This can be the end of the campaign or the beginning of a new phase. Traditional objectives can be anything from loading annoying adware, deploying ransomware, or exfiltrating sensitive data. However, it is important to remember that this access itself could be the objective, with the implants sold to bad actors on the dark/deep web who could use them for their own purposes

As noted, this can launch into a new campaign phase and begin by restarting from the Reconnaissance phase from within the network to collect additional information to dig deeper into the target. This is common with compromises of Industrial Control Systems (ICSes) – these systems aren't (supposed to be) connected to the internet, so frequently you have to get onto a system that does access the internet and then use that as a foothold to access the ICS, thus starting a new Kill Chain process.

Our job as analysts, operators, and responders is to push the adversary as far back into the chain as possible to the point that the expense of attacking outweighs the value of success. Make them pay for every bit they get into our network and it should be the last time they get in. We should identify and share every piece of infrastructure we detect. We should analyze and report every piece of malware or LOLBin tactic we uncover. We should make them burn zero-day after zero-day exploit, only for us to detect and stop their advance. Our job is to make the adversary work tremendously hard to make any advance in our network.