Weaponization is one of the most expensive parts of the Kill Chain for the adversary. This is when they must go into their arsenal of tools, tactics, and techniques and identify exactly how they are going to leverage the information they collected in the previous phase to achieve their objectives. It's a potentially expensive phase that doesn't leave much room for error. Do they use their bleeding-edge zero-day exploits (that is, exploits that have not been previously disclosed), thus making them unusable in other campaigns? Do they try to use malware, or do they use a Living-Off-the-Land Binary (LOLBin)? Do too much and they're wasting their resources needed (personnel, capital, and time) to develop zero-days and complex malware, but too little and they risk getting caught and exposing their attack vehicle.

This phase is also where adversaries acquire infrastructure, both to perform the initial entry, stage and launch payloads, perform command and control, and if needed, locate an exfiltration landing spot. Depending on the complexity of the campaign and skill of the adversary, infrastructure is either stolen (exploiting and taking over a benign website as a launch/staging point) or purchasing infrastructure. Frequently, infrastructure is stolen because it is easier to blend in with normal network traffic for a legitimate website. Additionally, when you steal infrastructure, you don't have to put out any money for things that can be traced back to the actor (domain registrations, TLS certificates, hosting, and so on).